Lookup tables in some cases you may want to produce an output based on a tables that relates as input
signals to the output.
Let me give you an example from a real life.
If we are modelling for example the suspension system of a vehicle actually then been coefficient of
the number is not constant.
It's changing paste on the numbers speed so at each time you need to choose a value of them being coefficient
from a graph that relates the speed was of them being coefficient.
I hope this example was clear one day lookup look up table and different lookup tables can be found
in lookup table library
right click and add to untitled double click to check the options of the lookup table in the table data
you type the relation between the input and output for example change of negative five to five pick
points which are the inputs negative five comma five for example can also at the table manually from
here.
As you can see the different table values are shown can also define two variables in MATLAB workspace
and add them here in the table data and peak points let's try this table.
I will add some pluck
display pluck now while everything
changes and 12 for example five and run as output is 0 point 9 9 9 9 which is the same as the value
found on the table
the best saying about lookup tables that it can interpolate if the input signal are between the table
values for example 4.5
and also it can extrapolate if the input is out of range for example 6
so output signal is 1.